[Music]
you're gloria steinem
gloria gloria gloria gloria i am
i want to write about the women's
movement what movement
curfew jobs actually require a penis or
vagina
well all the magazine people said don't
do a lesbian story in the first issue
so i feel like we need to do a lesbian
story gloria steinem should rot in hell
you can't associate yourself with those
crazy women i am one of those crazy
women
can we change the world yes jesus
how'd you get the name man killer i
earned it we earned it
we gotta stop sucking and begin to buy
it
[Applause]
this is the year of women's liberation
if you avoid conflict my dolly conflict
will seek you out
[Music]
the truth will set you free
but first it will piss you off
and we'll do it a thousand times again
[Music]
you